 Okay, are you looking at Avallera hopefully? No, yeah, okay, now. Yeah, okay. Okay, yeah, this is just the company list. So it looks like there's 38 companies already set up. Mm-hmm. I guess just who we could see them on. Yeah, you could do it them on. Oh, really? Yeah, what is just a tester? No, no, no, what happened was that both. So from a streaming standpoint, we were using Avallera in the beginning for both interactive and for legacy buy-accom. And so over the years, we kind of transitioned away from Avallera to vertex and one source. So, right. So yeah, so all of these are relevant to the old structure that we were using when we were using Avallera for the streaming. Okay, so all of these could be to be good. Okay. Great. And so we're basically starting from scratch is what we kind of expected. The only other thing I wanted to ask you about is. Is your content? So if I go through here and just look at. Second, where you report tax. And right now I'm in and I know these companies aren't. I'm just using this as an example, but if I switch companies to. Like MTV Latin America. And I know these none of these have had any registrations or any nexus set up, which is fine. But I can't even choose anything in Latin America like I can't all I can get to is the US. Is this a question for Avallera? I don't know if you have like the international license set up. Like this is only the states. I can't I can't change to another country. So I will tell you that from. We I don't believe. From the legacy by. We focus strictly on the state. So I can see why. I'm going to have access to the international. So I would I presume and say that they should just scrap out my entire profile and recreate it. Yeah, OK, excellent. OK, because we're starting fresh, right? So we don't want. We don't want any of these legacy environments existing because they all connected to the streaming, which we already move away from. Avallera, where you. Yeah, OK, great. And there's no like I said, I mean, I don't think there's any next set up on any of these anyway. I think they're all just shells with nothing. The cutting in them. So it's not going to hurt anything just to start all over. Right, right. And and and aside of that, we were exporting all of the reports from the actual from the vendor itself. So we weren't using Avallera as the tool to repair the reports and stuff. OK, excellent. Excellent. So that answers our questions because we were kind of looking in here. We're like, why are these all already set up? So yeah, sorry about that. I said I mentioned that earlier. No problem. OK, yeah, we'll ask them to just kind of give us a green field instance and start scratch. Perfect. I don't have a.